Configurable maxStreamLength for doubles sketches (#11574)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/datasketches-quantiles.md

|name|A String for the output (result) name of the calculation.|yes|
|fieldName|A String for the name of the input field (can contain sketches or raw numeric values).|yes|
|k|Parameter that determines the accuracy and size of the sketch. Higher k means higher accuracy but more space to store sketches. Must be a power of 2 from 2 to 32768. See [accuracy information](https://datasketches.apache.org/docs/Quantiles/OrigQuantilesSketch) in the DataSketches documentation for details.|no, defaults to 128|

> |maxStreamLength|The max number of items that can be stored in each sketch. Currently, the query can throw `IllegalStateException` when one of the sketch hits this limit. See the [GitHub issue](https://github.com/apache/druid/issues/11544) for more details of the bug. A known workaround is using a higher max stream length. See [accuracy information](https://datasketches.apache.org/docs/Quantiles/OrigQuantilesSketch) in the DataSketches documentation for how many bytes are required per stream length. Since this parameter is added as a temporary solution to avoid the known issue, it can be removed in a future release when the bug is fixed.|no, defaults to 1,000,000,000|

Reviewer: It might be best to start off with the info that this parameter is a temporary workaround and link to the issue, but I'm not really sure what is best. @techdocsmith any suggestions?

maybe ".. can throw `IllegalStateException` when any one sketch reaches this limit. ...`

also, should we remove the ',' from the number or is that ok to put in the json?

Author: I updated the description as suggested.

> |maxStreamLength|The max number of items that can be stored in each sketch. Currently, the query can throw `IllegalStateException` when one of the sketch hits this limit. See the [GitHub issue](https://github.com/apache/druid/issues/11544) for more details of the bug. A known workaround is using a higher max stream length. See [accuracy information](https://datasketches.apache.org/docs/Quantiles/OrigQuantilesSketch) in the DataSketches documentation for how many bytes are required per stream length. Since this parameter is added as a temporary solution to avoid the known issue, it can be removed in a future release when the bug is fixed.|no, defaults to 1,000,000,000|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|maxStreamLength|The maximum number of items to store in each sketch. If one of the sketches hits this limit, the query can throw an `IllegalStateException`. See the [GitHub issue 11544](https://github.com/apache/druid/issues/11544) for more details. To workaround this issue, increase the max stream length. See [accuracy information](https://datasketches.apache.org/docs/Quantiles/OrigQuantilesSketch) in the DataSketches documentation for how many bytes are required per stream length. This parameter is added as a temporary solution to avoid the known issue. It may be removed in a future release after the bug is fixed.|no, defaults to 1,000,000,000|
```
